Wording tweak in CONTRIBUTING.rst (#1697)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Adding to the changelog
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> All changes to the specification require a changelog entry. Adding to the changelog can only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All changes require a changelog entry. Adding to the changelog can only
```

Author: I feel like I can change my socks without a changelog entry.

```suggestion
All changes to the contents of this repository require a changelog entry. Adding to the changelog can only
```
